Got it. I find the answers in all that.
It's more than just the answers.
And with it, I'm all about study.
Which do you remember more from our studies?
The answers?
Or the things that touch your heart?
Yeah.
Like, when we talked about immorality,
you knew the answer.
But you didn't seem totally convinced in here.
Let's try and find that answer.
But whoever practices sexual immorality
is sinning against his own body.
I'm not sure why.
It made me think of Mum and Dad.
His constant cheating, actually.
Mum's humiliation,
the divorce, all the misery.
I didn't want that.
I began to realise how right Jehovah is.
Because of what need to call meditation.
It's not about clearing your mind to find inner peace.
It's totally different.
It's asking how Jehovah feels about something.
And then what that means for me.